So, guys, now let us discuss the second problem with its troubles, the second problem is the need
to provide contiguous main memory to page tables.
Submersibles like physical pagers of a process are not fragmented and need a contiguous region in main
memory.
So, for example, four megabytes of base table would need four megabytes of contiguous region in the
main memory.
So the increase in the size of a lateral support base, table sizes tend to increase drastically.
And this is what we had discussed.
And the problem, number one.
So finding the contiguous region in main memory becomes more and more challenging to load the piece
tables of increased size.
So let us try to understand and visualize this problem pictorially.
So let us suppose that there are three processors running the system whose peace table needs three frames
is to be stored in the main memory.
So suppose we have a process B won't be 23 and three and the stable of these processes are represented
with the following two different colors.
Spaced tables of processors could be loaded in any three consecutive frames of memory.
Not the word you need consecutive frames.
So the snapshot of the main memory loading the tables of the process P1 P2P three would look something
like this, right?
So you can see that the table of the process P1 is loaded from frame number three to frame number five.
And the best table of the process, P2, is loaded from frame number eight to frame number 10.
And similarly, the best table of the process, P three is loaded from frame number 13 to frame number
15 in main memory.
So the increase in the size of the piece tables chances to find more available consecutive frames grew
more rare.
Right.
So this is one of the problems with the peace table.
Not only the increased size of the table is a problem, but with the increase in the size of the table,
the probability of finding consecutive frames of the main memory so that it can accommodate the entire
peace table is also rare.
So the solution to the problem, number one, and the problem number two is multilabel.
So the essence of multilabel paging scheme is that that break the large piece tables into smaller sizes
loaded in noncontiguous frames in main memory.
In fact, multilevel paging is nothing, but it is pagination of page table.
That is, we will be purging of beds, tables.
So we were going to discuss the concept of multilevel paging and a separate section of the scores all
together.